[Music]
you know why I'm shooting an S log2
right now because the rx0 was just
released so the reason why this is so
exciting is it's much more than a action
camera a lot of people have been
comparing this to the GoPro and to be
honest in the beginning when I heard
that Sony's tiny little rx0 was going to
be six hundred and ninety eight dollars
in comparison to the GoPro 499 yo go pro
six I was hesitant and that's why I've
kind of waited to make a video on this
but I've learned it's much much more
than a GoPro people of the rx0 isn't for
Sony to make a GoPro but think about
having this Sony rx100 that personally I
shoot almost everything with if it's not
shot with the Arts 100 it's shot with my
sony a7s too but basically the rx0 is is
this in a very tiny compact form factor
I've done so many videos on this thing
so if you're curious about buying the
rx100 point-and-shoot I will link some
of those videos down in the description
below the second week of September
actually the day of the Apple event I
had the opportunity to go to a press
release event here in New York City for
this camera there I learned the basic
specs 50 megapixels in a movie mode a s4
aperture a 35 millimeter equivalent 24
hour millimeter focal length lens so
it's pretty wide but it's not as wide as
a GoPro would be and this
shoots slow-mo like super slo-mo
just like the rx100 so of course you can
shoot 1080 at 24 frames per second but
you can go all the way up to 960 frames
per second in high frame rate mode of
course the higher the frames per second
the more are kind of pixelated and
artifact T the footage is going to get
but just because that is an option it's
very exciting it's very similar to the
rx100 menus in terms of choosing the
different shooting modes that you want
to shoot it and then just last week I
went to a absent for the rx0 and I got
to hang out with some cool creative
friends and we actually got to test out
these cameras with a lot of craziness
going on and that event is what prompted
me to make this video because this is a
[Music]
so there's a lot of different things
happening to shoot but John brought his
skateboard so now he use against this
backdrop that the BMXers have been on
now he's an act all of the rain is going
on over there I want to test the audio
with this thing in sulky mode so this
isn't on a tripod maybe let's test the
image stabilization walking how is it do
I sound good there's loud music in the
background this is a pretty crazy camera
it has the same exact sensor as the
rx100 and so they don't really want you
to compare it to action cameras like the
GoPro you can use an external microphone
with this camera it is waterproof up to
33 feet and then if you need anything
more there is a waterproof case and this
is also shockproof up to 6.5 feet
Arisa right to join
okay well I think it passed the shot
test totally on purpose I'm glad we
tested that intentionally the craziest
thing about the rx0
is it has almost the same exact sensor
that is in this camera right now arx100
which is just insane and then it also
has different picture profiles and
features s law - which is huge if you're
talking about big movie productions or
big movie studios who need something
small in action hairy that isn't a ton
of money but they can still make it look
good with the rest of the footage that
they're shooting on with their red
cameras and all of their just like fancy
Aria cameras this is going to be either
go to if you have ever try to color
correct GoPro footage to the same color
as the footage you're shooting with your
rx100 or your sony a7s where you're red
cinema transformer i don't know what
they're called the red cameras but it's
difficult it is very hard to get gopro
footage to look similar to the look of
other camera footage a lot of that has
to do with the GoPros tiny sensor in the
lack of flexibility that the Kodak has
whenever you try to color great it and
manipulate it to the look that you want
the footage falls apart
also quick side note if you wanna learn
a little bit more about why 4k isn't
necessarily the most important thing for
your camera to have how color science is
important you can click on this video I
did with Peter McKinnon it's a good one
speaking of 4k this camera does not
shoot 4k internally which was actually
kind of shocking to me but you can't
record it externally hook it up via HDMI
and then you can also use the Sony app
to link up five of these cameras so they
have like these 2m exact
kote again it goes back to these fancier
productions that appreciate the features
of synched time codes my first
impressions of this camera was what it
doesn't record 4k internally and you
expect me to spend $700 on this thing
heck no but second impressions as I went
to move in I played around with it it is
a very impressive camera and now my
brain just thinks of it as a rx100
a cheaper actually at par x100 that is
put into this little tiny casing that
you can do cool stuff with so you have
to ask yourself if you want a smaller
camera and action camera is the Zeiss
lens and this beautiful one inch sensor
on the rx0 worth it to slow-mo looks
beautiful but you might not need that
certain look or maybe even just the
rx100 and a smaller form factor really
think about what you're going to shoot
and you could probably shoot that with a
rx 100 now when it comes to mounting
onto people and mounting onto things
that's when it gets interesting but I
want to do some videos a full-on review
of the rx100 and also the GoPro 6
because there's a lot of interesting
things that are happening there as well
so make sure you subscribe let me know
if you like this video and I'm
definitely going to be putting out more
videos about these cameras that are
coming out so many cameras and phones
it's so overwhelming but it's exciting
and for the ladies and fellows out there
who purchased some peachy merch I just
want to say thank you thank you so much
it is no longer on sell drop number one
is finished however that means you guys
are gonna be getting your shirts soon in
a couple of weeks so make sure to follow
the Instagram Peachy merch and tag me
and send me stuff because I want a
poster on
Graham and this is when the fun begins
let me know what you thought about the
stakes about this tiny camera what were
your first impressions are you gonna cop
one anyways again let me know if your
like I said okay that subscribe button
down below for new videos every week
become a part of the peach exam and I
will see you in the next one until next
time
[Music]